


The Canon T90 Performance Book


Truly beautiful women
are sufficient to themselves.
Anything added seems redundant. 

In creating something, 
the hardest part is to begin. 
Once you understand that,
you'll know that a grass blade's no easier to make 
than a cathedral. 

The artist finds a greater pleasure in doing the work
than he does in looking at it after it's done. 

The act of creating something
is a kind of lunging out at it,
an intuitive grab for one toehold on the reality encasing us. 

Every artist takes up his next project 
because of his sense that the previous one was at least partially a failure.


Photography is more than just kicking away at heat you see in front of you. Real photography amounts to representing it, "re-presenting" it that is. This is where creativity comes in. 


Lovers live in their own world. Their environment is at best a kind of vague backdrop that everyone and then they have to acknowledge. 

The great thing about being in love is the weird intensity it brings to being. 
Everything is both more itself somehow and less so. 
Food shared in the finest restaurant
has no taste, yet the rain-slick leaf
plucked absentmindedly on a walk together and kept
becomes fantastic with presence. 

You cannot step twice in the same river, 
because other waters are continually flowing in. 
- Heraclitus

The real holds a touch of melancholy,
because every instant of life is an act of erasure.
Wherever we go, whatever we do,
we leave a version of ourselves behind.
And the sadness of aging derives from our unexpected collisions 
with these self-generated doppelgangers. 
But perhaps that partially explains
why foreign settings appeal to us so strongly. 
Because for the man wandering in a zen garden, 
or searching through a bazaar,
there's little likelihood he'll run into
an earlier self there. 

Perhaps the greatest gift we can have 
is the ability to see the world through new eyes.
The man who can live each day as if it were his last,
savoring the substance of the world around him, 
approaches a state of intense joy.
A trip to a foreign country one may never see again
provides a similar heightening of awareness. 
And the great pleasure photography can add to this 
is its ability to interrupt the flow of time
by freezing one instant of beauty. 


Like Heraclitus said, you can't step in the same river twice.
But you can step in it once. 


…the world often won't wait for you to decide what you want to do with it.


The art of photography is the art of selecting from among many elements. And the great photographer is often the person who can best appreciate just how many choices there are in any given visual experience … And here is where some people may begin to separate themselves from those who are satisfied with just pointing the camera and clicking away. Because although advanced camera technology certainly has freed us from much of the "nuisance" element found in photography, a tendency to rely too much on conveniences also seems to move us away from that very sensual pleasure mentioned above, the act of creating things for ourselves. 













